JP-4289: Add specialized ramp model handling (#10446)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/pipeline/calwebb_detector1.rst

contains the 4D array of detector pixel values, along with some optional
extensions. When such a file is loaded into the pipeline, it is immediately
converted into a `~stdatamodels.jwst.datamodels.RampModel`, and has all additional data arrays
for Data Quality (DQ) flags created and initialized to zero.

Note, however, that some specialized data may be loaded in an alternate
ramp-style datamodel for the initial steps of the pipeline. Exposures taken with
superstripe array readouts are loaded as

> `~stdatamodels.jwst.datamodels.SuperstripeRampModel`, which has a 3D pixel DQ array,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`~stdatamodels.jwst.datamodels.SuperstripeRampModel`. This model has a 3D pixel DQ array,
```
sentence was feeling like a run-on
